hey guys what's up its jig so here I'm
bringing you another tutorial this will
be my second tutorial and minecraft xbox
360 edition version 1.7 point 3 I like
to give a shout out to my friend George
for helping me build this tutorial
platform and yeah so thank you George AK
show tutorial so starting off for this a
hidden piston door is going to be a 1 by
2 you're going to put for sticky pistons
like that put to it there then you can
put your material you want as the wall
built two out builds one up and if
you're doing in this in a cave you won't
have to do the frame you just have to
put it one over so remember that okay
we're going to go over here behind it
place one right there one right there
let's don't torch read some dust dig
down dig down and then dig down and over
so you shop for roles total and this one
you're going to put redstone dust this
one a redstone repeater facing that way
on foldaway redstone dust in this one
and then a redstone torch on this wall
not on the floor on the wall then you're
going to place a block on the redstone
torch with a redstone dust on top of it
and you can just put a block over the
rest of these like that so then you can
fill in this area then do that a little
bit
okay and then so then you're gonna place
a redstone repeaters like there's no the
way you will this will be like your
source on how to turn it off and on so
you can run this around anywhere if you
wonder if you're running through cave
you can run it to a wall say and then
play a lever on that and then it opens
and closes so yeah that's how you do a
door please rate comment and subscribe
and hope you enjoyed thank you